When Promise was born, she was cursed.doomed to die a tragic death by her 16th birthday. Her mother died giving birth to her, and her father died shortly thereafter of a broken heart. Or so they say. Promise was raised by her grandparents in a small town in the heart of America during the Renaissance.

As a child, Promise was a happy and precocious child, despite her tragic fate. She loved to learn and was fascinated by the world around her. She was especially drawn to the stories of the faeries and the elves, and she would often sneak out of her house at night to wander in the woods near her home, looking for them.

One night, when she was thirteen, she met a faerie in the woods. The faerie was a beautiful woman with wings made of gossamer and glittering in the moonlight. She told Promise that she was special and that she had the power to break the curse that had been placed on her.

The faerie gave her a magic necklace and told her to wear it always. She said that when the time was right, the necklace would give her the power to break the curse.

Promise was overjoyed. She went home and told her grandparents what had happened. They were skeptical, but they didn't want to discourage her.

The years passed and Promise grew into a beautiful young woman. She was very popular in her small town and had many friends. She was also very headstrong and independent.

As her 16th birthday approached, she started to have nightmares about dying. In her nightmares, she saw herself being stabbed to death by a dark figure.

A few weeks before her 16th birthday, her grandfather died. This made her even more determined to break the curse.

On the night of her 16th birthday, she put on the magic necklace and went out into the woods. She was met there by the dark figure from her nightmares. He was a faerie, too, but he was evil and twisted. He told her that he had been sent to kill her.

Promise fought back, but she was no match for him. He stabbed her in the heart and killed her. As she died, she saw the light of the magic necklace fading. The faerie had won and she was doomed to die a tragic death, just as the prophecy had said.