The film opens with a young woman, Ling, fleeing through the streets of Beijing. She is being pursued by a group of men, and she is terrified. She finds a place to hide, and the men eventually give up the search. Ling is safe for now, but she knows that she is in danger.

Ling is a student at Beijing University, and she has been involved in a secret relationship with a fellow student, Tian. Tian is from a wealthy family, and their relationship is forbidden. Ling is worried that her family will find out, and she is also worried about the political climate in China. The country is on the brink of civil war, and she knows that her relationship with Tian is putting them both in danger.

One night, Ling and Tian are out walking together when they are ambushed by the men who were pursuing her earlier. Tian is killed, and Ling is taken captive. She is taken to a remote location and tortured for information. The men believe that she knows something about a plot against the government, but she has no idea what they are talking about.

Ling is eventually able to escape, and she makes her way back to Beijing. She is traumatized by her ordeal, and she is struggling to cope with Tian's death. Ling decides to seek revenge against those who killed him. She knows that she is risking her own life, but she is willing to do whatever it takes to get justice for Tian.

Ling sets out to track down the men who killed Tian. She is methodical in her search, and she eventually finds them. She ambushes them and kills them all, one by one. Ling feels a sense of satisfaction as she avenges Tian's death, but she is also aware that she is now a target. She knows that the government will be coming for her, and she must prepare for a final showdown.

The film ends with Ling's showdown with the government forces. She is outnumbered and outgunned, but she is determined to fight to the end. Ling is killed in the battle, but her sacrifice inspires others to continue the fight against the government. The film ends with a shot of Ling's bloody body lying in the street, and a voiceover from her saying that the fight is not over.