In Egypt during the 1960s,Nadia Hassan is a young, beautiful woman who has just been proposed to by the man she loves, Tarek Fahmy. Tarek is a charming, wealthy man who is madly in love with Nadia and is eager to start a life with her. Nadia's parents are ecstatic at the prospect of their daughter marrying into a wealthy and influential family. However, Nadia is not so sure. She loves Tarek, but she is not sure if she is ready to get married. She confides in her best friend, Dalia, who advises her to take some time to think about it.

Nadia decides to take Dalia's advice and tells Tarek that she needs some time to think about the proposal. Tarek is understanding, but he is also a bit disappointed. He tells Nadia that he will give her a week to make up her mind and then he will come back and get her answer.

In the meantime, Nadia goes on a date with another man, Kamal, who her parents have been trying to set her up with for years. Nadia knows that her parents would approve of Kamal, but she is not interested in him. Kamal is a nice enough guy, but he is not the man she loves. Nadia politely tells Kamal that she is not interested in him and leaves.

The next day, Nadia goesto see Tarek to give him her answer. However, when she gets there, she finds out that Tarek has been killed in a car accident. Nadia is devastated. She blames herself for not accepting his proposal right away and she is wracked with guilt.

Nadia is inconsolable, but with the support of her family and friends, she slowly starts to heal. A few months after Tarek's death, Nadia finds out that she is pregnant with Tarek's child. She decides to keep the baby and raise it on her own.

As Nadia raise her child, she finds comfort in her memories of Tarek and the life they planned to have together. She knows that Tarek would have been a great father and that he would have loved their child very much. Although Nadia is sad that Tarek is not here with her, she knows that she is lucky to have been loved by him.