The film opens on a shots of a rainy day in London. We see people walking along the streets, umbrellas in hand. The camera pans to a young woman, Lillian, who is walking briskly through the crowd. Lillian is in her early twenties, and she has a determined look on her face. We can tell she is on a mission.

Lillian arrives at a building and enters. We see her walking down a long hallway, her heels clicking on the floor. She arrives at a door and knocks. A voice from inside calls out, "Come in." Lillian enters the room and we see that she is in a law office. She approaches the desk of a older gentleman, Mr. Wilkinson.

Mr. Wilkinson looks up from his paperwork and greets Lillian. Lillian takes a seat in the chair across from him. Mr. Wilkinson asks Lillian how he can help her. Lillian tells Mr. Wilkinson that she is there to ask for his help in getting a divorce.

Mr. Wilkinson looks surprised, but he tells Lillian that he can certainly help her with that. He asks Lillian why she wants a divorce. Lillian tells Wilkinson that she is no longer in love with her husband, Mark. Wilkinson asks Lillian if she has any grounds for divorce. Lillian tells Wilkinson that she has been having an affair.

Mr. Wilkinson tells Lillian that she certainly has grounds for divorce, but he warns her that it will not be easy. He tells her that she will have to go through a lot of paperwork and she will have to testify in court. Lillian tells Wilkinson that she is prepared to do whatever it takes to get a divorce.

The film then cuts to a montage of Lillian going through the legal process of getting a divorce. We see her meeting with Wilkinson, filling out paperwork, and testifying in court. The montage ends with Lillian walking out of the courthouse a free woman.

Lillian is now a single woman in London. We see her going about her daily life, working in an office and going out with friends. One night, Lillian is out at a nightclub with her friends. She is dancing and having a good time when she sees a handsome man across the room.

Lillian goes over to the man and they start talking. We learn that his name is Paul. The two of them hit it off and they spend the rest of the night talking and dancing. At the end of the night, Paul asks Lillian if he can see her again. Lillian says yes.

The film then follows Lillian and Paul as they begin dating. We see them going on dates, spending time together, and falling in love. One night, Paul takes Lillian to a fancy restaurant and he asks her to marry him. Lillian accepts and the two of them are engaged.

The film then jumps ahead to the wedding day. We see Lillian and Paul getting married in a beautiful church. After the ceremony, the reception is held in a lavish hall. Lillian and Paul dance together, surrounded by their friends and family.

As the film comes to an end, we see Lillian and Paul walking hand in hand down a London street. They are happy and in love, and they are ready to start their life together.