The film opens with a young couple, Karen and John, driving down a dark and deserted country road. It's late at night and they're both tired. John is behind the wheel and Karen is in the passenger seat, dozing off.

Suddenly, the car's headlights illuminate a figure in the road ahead. John slams on the brakes, but it's too late. They hit the figure and it flies up onto the hood of the car.

Karen wakes up with a start and screams as the figure on the hood becomes visible. It's a horrific creature with long, sharp claws and blood red eyes.

The creature tries to claw its way into the car and Karen and John are both terrified. John manages to keep the car moving and eventually shakes the creature off.

They pull over to the side of the road to catch their breath and try to figure out what to do. They both know they can't go to the police because they hit the creature with their car and they're sure they'll be blamed.

John comes up with a plan to drive to a nearby town and find a place to hide out for the night. They get back in the car and start to drive, but they quickly realize they're being followed by the creature.

The creature is faster than the car and eventually catches up to them. It shatters the windshield with its claws and reaches in to try and grab Karen.

John desperately tries to fight the creature off and eventually manages to get it off of Karen. He then crashes the car into a tree, killing the creature.

Karen and John are both badly injured, but they manage to make it out of the car. They stumble into the town and find a place to hide.

The next morning, they try to leave town, but they're quickly surrounded by a group of men with guns. The men are all wearing strange masks and they're obviously not human.

Karen and John realize they're being held captive by a group of aliens who are experimenting on humans. They're both horrified and John tries to fight back, but he's quickly overpowered and captured.

Karen is taken to a room where she's strapped to a table and injected with a strange liquid. She starts to feel dizzy and her vision starts to blur. She realizes she's being teleported to another planet.

She's taken to a dark room where she's placed in a clear glass tube. She can see other humans in similar tubes all around her. 

 Suddenly, the lights come on and she's face-to-face with a group of aliens. They start to perform strange experiments on her and she screams in pain.

The film ends with Karen being teleported back to Earth. She wakes up back in the town, but she's changed. She's now a creature like the one that attacked her and John. She attacks and kills the men who are holding her captive.

The film ends with Karen's terrifying new creature face staring into the camera as she screams.