In France during the 1990s, a young woman named Isabelle is living a mundane life working at her father's modest bookstore. She has a small group of friends, but her life is mostly uneventful. One night, while Isabelle is closing up the bookstore, a handsome stranger comes in and strikes up a conversation with her. They chat for a while, and the stranger, who introduces himself as Simon, seems to be very interested in her. Isabelle is attracted to him and they exchange numbers. 

A few days later, Simon calls Isabelle and asks her on a date. They go to a local café and have a wonderful time. Simon seems to be very knowledgeable about a lot of things, and Isabelle is fascinated by him. At the end of the date, Simon asks Isabelle if she wants to come home with him, but she politely declines. 

A few days after their date, Isabelle's father tells her that the bookstore is going to have to close down because business has been slow. Isabelle is heartbroken, but decides to take her father's advice and look for a new job. 

A few days later, Isabelle runs into Simon on the street. He tells her that he's been thinking about her and would like to see her again. Isabelle agrees, and they go on another date. This time, Simon takes her to a fancy restaurant and they have a lovely evening. After dinner, they walk along the Seine and Simon kisses Isabelle. 

Isabelle is now smitten with Simon and they begin dating regularly. She has never been so happy. One night, Simon takes her to a secluded spot on the river and tells her that he loves her. Isabelle is thrilled and they kiss. 

A few days later, Isabelle is at work when she gets a call from Simon. He sounds frantic and tells her that she needs to come to his apartment right away. Isabelle rushes over and finds Simon in his apartment, surrounded by candles. He tells her that he has something to tell her, but she interrupts him and says that she has something to tell him first. She confesses that she is a witch and has been using her powers to make things go her way. Simon is shocked but intrigued, and Isabelle explains that she used her powers to make him fall in love with her. 

Simon is torn. On one hand, he is deeply in love with Isabelle and wants to be with her no matter what. On the other hand, he is not sure if he can trust her and he is worried about what her powers could mean for their relationship. 

Isabelle is worried that Simon is going to leave her, but he assures her that he still loves her and wants to be with her. They decide to work on their relationship and try to build a future together, despite the fact that Isabelle is a witch.