When Rajeev's mother passed away, he was only twelve years old. His father, a well-respected police detective in Mumbai, was left to raise him on his own. Rajeev always felt out of place at school and never really made any friends. When he was sixteen, his father was killed in a drive-by shooting. Rajeev was devastated. He dropped out of school and went to work for his father's old friend, Ahmed, a private investigator. Ahmed took Rajeev under his wing and taught him everything he knew about the business.

For the next few years, Rajeev honed his skills as a investigator. He became known for his keen eye for detail and his dedication to his work. When he was twenty-two, he was hired by the Indian government to help solve a string of murders that had been taking place in Delhi. The murders were all young women who had been strangled to death.

Rajeev quickly realized that the murders were taking place in areas where there was a lot of poverty and despair. The killer was preying on young women who were desperate and alone. Rajeev also realized that the killer was likely a man who had been sexually abused as a child. This gave him the motivation he needed to catch the killer.

After months of investigating, Rajeev finally apprehended the killer. He was a man in his early thirties who had been sexually abused by his father as a child. The killer had been targeting young women who reminded him of his own abuse. Rajeev was able to get the killer to confess to the murders and he was sent to prison.

While the case was technically solved, Rajeev felt like he had failed the victims. He was haunted by their faces and their desperation. He decided to quit his job and dedicate his life to helping other victims of violence. He became a counselor and started a support group for survivors of sexual abuse. He also started working with the police to help them solve crimes against women.

Rajeev's work has made him a respected figure in the Indian community. He has helped to change the way people think about sexual abuse and violence against women. He is a dedicated advocate for justice and he will continue to fight for the rights of victims everywhere.