When Sofia and her family move from their small home town in Northern Italy to the bustling city of Florence, Sofia is thrilled. She is finally going to get to experience all the excitement and romance that the city has to offer. However, what Sofia doesn't know is that her family is moving to Florence in order to escape a dangerous situation back home. 

Sofia's father has gotten into debt with the wrong people and has been given an ultimatum - either he pays them back, or they will kill his family. In order to come up with the money, Sofia's parents decide to sell her into marriage to a wealthy man. Sofia is devastated when she finds out, but her parents reassure her that it is for the best and that they will all be able to start a new life in Florence. 

Sofia is married off to a man named Lorenzo, who is much older than her and is only interested in her because of her looks. Sofia is miserable in her new marriage, but she tries to make the best of it. She spends her days exploring the city and dreaming of the day when she can finally be free. 

One day, while Sofia is out exploring, she meets a man named Raphael. Raphael is a starving artist who is down on his luck. He is instantly drawn to Sofia and she to him. They begin to meet in secret and fall madly in love with each other. 

Sofia is torn between her duty to her husband and her new found love for Raphael. She knows that she can never leave Lorenzo, but she can't deny her feelings for Raphael either. As their forbidden love affair continues, Sofia and Raphael make plans to run away together. 

Just as they are about to make their escape, Sofia's husband discovers their affair. In a rage, he confront Raphael and challenges him to a duel. Raphael is no match for Lorenzo and is killed. Sofia is left heartbroken and alone. 

A few weeks after Raphael's death, Sofia discovers that she is pregnant with his child. She knows that she can never raise the child in Lorenzo's home and decides to run away. She leaves Florence and returns to her small home town. 

Sofia raises her child in secret, never revealing the identity of the child's father. She knows that her child will never be able to experience the love and romance of Florence, but she hopes that they will be happy nonetheless.