The film opens in 1963 in Johannesburg, South Africa. We are introduced to our protagonist, a young black woman named Naledi, who is living in a poor, segregated neighborhood. Naledi is employed as a domestic worker for a wealthy white family. The family's home is located in a wealthy, white neighborhood. One day, while Naledi is working in the home, she overhears a conversation between the family's son and his friends. The son and his friends are planning to rape a black woman. Naledi is horrified by this conversation and decides to take action.

That night, Naledi goes to the home of the family's son and killed him with a knife. Naledi then goes to the police and tells them what she has done. She is arrested and charged with murder.

Naledi's trial is a media circus. The prosecutor paints Naledi as a cold-blooded killer who planned the murder of the family's son. Naledi's defense attorney argues that she was acting in self-defense and that she was protecting other black women from being raped.

After a long and emotional trial, Naledi is found guilty of murder and sentenced to death. Naledi is sent to a maximum security prison where she awaits her execution.

While in prison, Naledi befriends a white woman named Sarah who is also awaiting execution. Sarah is a political prisoner and has been convicted of trying to overthrow the government. Sarah tells Naledi about the fight for freedom and equality in South Africa. Naledi is inspired by Sarah's words and decides to join the fight.

When Naledi is sentenced to death, she is given a choice: she can be executed by hanging or she can be executed by firing squad. Naledi chooses to be executed by firing squad.

On the day of her execution, Naledi is marched out to the execution yard. She is tied to a stake and a blindfold is placed over her eyes. A firing squad of five soldiers stands in front of her.

Naledi says a prayer and then the soldiers open fire. Naledi is killed instantly. As she dies, she thinks of the fight for freedom and equality in South Africa.